---
url: https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/cs1665
title: International application for an Australian child support assessment form (CS1665) - Services AustraliaServices AustraliaServices Australia
scrapedAt: 2026-02-17T01:32:42.985Z
source: servicesaustralia.gov.au
---
# International application for an Australian child support assessment form (CS1665)

Use this form to apply for an Australian child support assessment if you’re living outside Australia, excluding New Zealand.

How to use our forms

You must [download our forms and fill them in](/how-to-use-our-forms) so they are processed quickly. You can also electronically sign some of our forms. We have help available if you use assistive technology or need an interpreter.

Download and complete the [International application for an Australian child support assessment form](/sites/default/files/2025-06/cs1665-2506en.pdf "PDF document").

Different rules apply for child support if you’re living in New Zealand. There are specific [child support arrangements between Australia and New Zealand](/child-support-between-australia-and-new-zealand). Contact [New Zealand Inland Revenue](https://www.ird.govt.nz/) for more information.

## If you live in a reciprocating jurisdiction

You need to submit your application through your court or administrative maintenance authority.

Read about [reciprocating jurisdictions for child support](/reciprocating-jurisdictions-and-residency-for-child-support). You can also check if we have an agreement with the country you live in.

## If you live in a non-reciprocating jurisdiction

You need to email us the completed form and any other relevant information to [childsupportoverseas@servicesaustralia.gov.au](mailto:childsupportoverseas@servicesaustralia.gov.au). It’s important to note this email address is not secure. You can also send us this form by either fax or post. You can find the fax and postal details on the form.

Read about [reciprocating jurisdictions for child support](/reciprocating-jurisdictions-and-residency-for-child-support). You can also check if we have an agreement with the country you live in.

## If you’re a reciprocating child support authority

Authorities should email the completed form and any other relevant information to [childsupportoverseas@servicesaustralia.gov.au](mailto:childsupportoverseas@servicesaustralia.gov.au). Remember, this email address is not secure. You can also send us this form by either fax or post. You can find the fax and postal details on the form.

## If you live in Australia

You can complete an application for child support assessment online. Read more about [applying for a child support assessment](/how-to-apply-for-child-support-assessment).
