---
url: https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/im005
title: Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - bank account details for vaccination providers form (IM005) - Services AustraliaServices AustraliaServices Australia
scrapedAt: 2026-02-17T02:22:48.168Z
source: servicesaustralia.gov.au
---
# Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - bank account details for vaccination providers form (IM005)

Use this form to record or update your bank account details for the purpose of receiving AIR payments.

How to use our forms

You must [download our forms and fill them in](/how-to-use-our-forms) so they are processed quickly. You can also electronically sign some of our forms. We have help available if you use assistive technology or need an interpreter.

We may contact you for security reasons if you’re recording or updating your bank details recorded with us.

## Updating your bank account details

Registered vaccination providers can record and update bank account details for the AIR program.

It’s quicker for Health professionals with a Medicare provider number to update existing bank account details recorded for the AIR program online through Health Professional Online Services (HPOS). These changes can be visible within 24 hours. You don’t need to use a form.

You’ll need a PRODA account to access HPOS. Learn about [PRODA (Provider Digital Access)](/provider-digital-access-proda) and [Managing your banking details](/manage-your-details-hpos).

If you don’t have an existing bank account recorded for the AIR program, you need to complete this form.

AIR ancillary providers cannot update or record bank account details through HPOS and need to complete this form.

## Complete this form to record or update your details

If you’re submitting the form to record or update your bank account details using the [form upload](/upload-forms-hpos) function in HPOS Messages:

-   it must be lodged using the HPOS account of the health professional who signed the form (or their nominated HPOS delegate acting on their behalf)
-   the form must be signed by the authorised contact if you’re acting on behalf of an organisation.

It can take up to 14 days to record these bank details and we may contact you to confirm the details.

Download and complete the [Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - bank account details for vaccination providers form](/sites/default/files/2023-07/im005-2307en-f.pdf "PDF document") to record your bank account details with us.
