---
url: https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/im017
title: Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - ceasing correspondence and release of information form (IM017) - Services AustraliaServices AustraliaServices Australia
scrapedAt: 2026-02-17T01:34:54.589Z
source: servicesaustralia.gov.au
---
# Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - ceasing correspondence and release of information form (IM017)

Use this form to tell the Australian Immunisation Register you don't want to receive correspondence or share information with vaccination providers. This can include your GP.

## on this page

-   [What this form does](#a1)
-   [What this form doesn’t do](#a2)
-   [How this form may affect your family assistance payments](#a3)
-   [How to complete this form](#a4)

How to use our forms

You must [download our forms and fill them in](/how-to-use-our-forms) so they are processed quickly. You can also electronically sign some of our forms. We have help available if you use assistive technology or need an interpreter.

## What this form does

This form is for you, or children in your care who are under 14 years of age. It allows you to opt out of any of the following:

-   sharing immunisation history with vaccination providers, including your GP
-   receiving correspondence such as reminders for vaccines which are part of the National Immunisation Program (NIP) Schedule.

If you opt not to share details, your vaccination provider or GP won’t see your immunisation history on the AIR.

If they have access to your immunisation history, they’ll be able to make more informed decisions about how to treat you.

When your child turns 14, opt out arrangements will cease. Your child will then need to complete this form in their own right.

Read more about [accessing AIR records](/how-to-update-your-personal-details-so-your-details-are-correct-australian-immunisation-register-air#accessingairrecords).

You can also read more about the [National Immunisation Program](https://www.health.gov.au/health-topics/immunisation/immunisation-throughout-life/national-immunisation-program-schedule) (NIP) on the Department of Health, Disability and Ageing website.

## What this form doesn’t do

Completing this form won’t stop vaccination providers from reporting your immunisations to the AIR. It’s mandatory for providers to report all NIP, COVID-19, influenza and Japanese encephalitis virus (JEV) vaccinations to the AIR.

You can read more about [mandatory reporting of vaccines given under the National Immunisation Program (NIP)](https://www.health.gov.au/topics/immunisation/immunisation-information-for-health-professionals/using-the-australian-immunisation-register#mandatory-reporting) on the Department of Health, Disability and Ageing website.

Completing the form also won’t stop you being asked to provide proof of vaccinations for entry to facilities, such as hospitals and aged care residentials.

## How this form may affect your family assistance payments

If you opt out of receiving correspondence for a child younger than 14, we’ll stop sending you reminder letters about overdue immunisations.

You’ll be responsible for keeping their immunisations up to date. If they aren’t kept up to date, it may affect your eligibility for some family assistance payments.

Read more about [getting AIR reminder letters](/how-to-update-your-personal-details-so-your-details-are-correct-australian-immunisation-register-air#airreminderletters).

## How to complete this form

Download and complete the [Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - ceasing correspondence and release of information form](/sites/default/files/2025-10/im017-2510en-f.pdf "PDF document").

If you change your mind, and would like to opt back in, contact the [Australian Immunisation Register](/phone-us#acir).
