---
url: https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/im018
title: Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - immunisation encounter form (IM018) - Services AustraliaServices AustraliaServices Australia
scrapedAt: 2026-02-17T02:22:49.272Z
source: servicesaustralia.gov.au
---
# Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - immunisation encounter form (IM018)

Use this form if you don’t have access to the AIR site or vaccination software. You can record details of immunisations given to people in Australia.

How to use our forms

You must [download our forms and fill them in](/how-to-use-our-forms) so they are processed quickly. You can also electronically sign some of our forms. We have help available if you use assistive technology or need an interpreter.

If you’re an eligible health professional (or their HPOS delegate), you can quickly update immunisation encounters by using either:

-   the AIR site using [HPOS](/hpos) (you’ll need an individual [PRODA](/what-services-you-can-access-with-proda) account)
-   vaccination reporting software.

If you need help linking your HPOS account to the AIR, call the [AIR Internet helpdesk](/health-professionals-contact-information#acir). For help with PRODA, call the [PRODA helpdesk](/business-and-employer-contact-information#proda).

If you’re unsure whether your software can transmit immunisation encounters, contact your software developer.

If you submit an immunisation encounter using the [form upload function in HPOS](/upload-forms-hpos) Messages:

-   it must be lodged using the HPOS account of the health professional completing the form, or their nominated HPOS delegate
-   it can take up to 14 days to update an individual’s AIR record
-   we may need to contact you to confirm the details.

Download and complete the [Australian Immunisation Register (AIR) - immunisation encounter form](/sites/default/files/2025-09/im018-2509en-f.pdf "PDF document").
