---
url: https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/ms004
title: Medicare enrolment form (MS004) - Services AustraliaServices AustraliaServices Australia
scrapedAt: 2026-02-17T01:29:58.741Z
source: servicesaustralia.gov.au
---
# Medicare enrolment form (MS004)

Use this form to enrol in Medicare for the first time, re-enrol in Medicare or enrol your baby in Medicare.

How to use our forms

You must [download our forms and fill them in](/how-to-use-our-forms) so they are processed quickly. You can also electronically sign some of our forms. We have help available if you use assistive technology or need an interpreter.

Download and complete the [Medicare enrolment form](/sites/default/files/2025-06/ms004-2506en-f.pdf "PDF document").

You can submit your form and supporting documents to us by mail or email to [Medicare Enrolment Services](/write-to-us#medicareenrolmentservices). To help us process your request please include Medicare enrolment in the subject line. You don’t need to get your supporting documents certified.

Some people can also enrol online using their myGov account. Read more about [enrolling in Medicare online](/enrolling-medicare).

You don’t need to complete this form if you enrol your baby in Medicare when you claim:

-   [Parental Leave Pay](/parental-leave-pay)
-   [Family Tax Benefit](/family-tax-benefit).

If you don’t claim any of these payments, you can enrol your baby in Medicare online. This is quicker and easier than completing this form.

If your myGov account is linked to Medicare, sign in now to enrol your baby in Medicare.

[Sign in to myGov](https://www2.medicareaustralia.gov.au/moasso/sps/oidc/rp/moa/kickoff/mygov?target_link_uri=%2Fmoaonline)

You can give us all of your baby’s details and proof of birth online. Read more about [how to enrol your baby in Medicare](/enrolling-your-baby-medicare).
