---
url: https://www.servicesaustralia.gov.au/ms011
title: Application to copy or transfer from one Medicare card to another form (MS011) - Services AustraliaServices AustraliaServices Australia
scrapedAt: 2026-02-17T01:30:00.833Z
source: servicesaustralia.gov.au
---
# Application to copy or transfer from one Medicare card to another form (MS011)

Complete this form to copy or transfer someone onto your own Medicare card or another Medicare card.

How to use our forms

You must [download our forms and fill them in](/how-to-use-our-forms) so they are processed quickly. You can also electronically sign some of our forms. We have help available if you use assistive technology or need an interpreter.

If you are 15 years or older the quickest and easiest way to [get your own Medicare card](/have-your-own-medicare-card-and-number-if-youre-15-or-older-and-enrolled-medicare) or [add someone to your card](/manage-invites-to-your-medicare-card-online) is online.

If your myGov account is linked to Medicare you can sign in now to manage your Medicare card.

[Sign in to myGov](https://www2.medicareaustralia.gov.au/moasso/sps/oidc/rp/moa/kickoff/mygov?target_link_uri=%2Fmoaonline)

You can also use the [myGov app](https://my.gov.au/en/about/help/mygov-app).

If you are unable to do it online, download and complete the [application to copy or transfer from one Medicare card to another form](/sites/default/files/2025-06/ms011-2506en-f.pdf "PDF document").

When the transfer or copy is to another person’s Medicare card, that cardholder must also sign the form.

The applicant listed as person one on the form needs to send us both:

-   the completed form, signed by all those listed who are 15 years of age or older
-   their own identification.

You can send us your form and supporting documents using the email address and postal address on the bottom of the form. To help us process your request please include copy or transfer in the subject line. You don’t need to get your supporting documents certified.
